Make PR template text commented out by default (#7325)
18F/identity-idp: pull_request_template.md

> <!-- Comment in the sections you need for your PR! -->

Reviewer: Since this requires removing HTML comments, I think this should be rephrased.

```suggestion
<!-- Uncomment and update the sections you need for your PR! -->
```

<!--
## 🎫 Ticket

Link to the relevant ticket.
-->

> <!--
> ## 🛠 Summary of changes
> 
> Write a brief description of what you changed.
> -->

Reviewer: IMO this section should almost always be filled out. How about something more like the following?

```suggestion
<!-- Update this summary if you'd like to provide a more detailed description of your changes. -->
## 🛠 Summary of changes

Check the pull request title for a description of what changed.
```

Author: I think that would still end up with PRs with the literal content "Check the pull request title for a description of what changed" which is what really bugs me

Reviewer 2: Yeah, if the idea with the pull request is to find a solution to the problem of noise on the reviewer's end in anticipation that some people will inevitably submit the template without revisions, I don't think we'd want any uncommented text to remain in the template.

Author: Thanks! I think I'm going to leave the PR as-is, with all the text commented out, but we can always re-evaluate and update in the future as needed

<summary>After:</summary>

</details>
-->

> 
> <!--
> ## 🚀 Notes for Deployment
> 
> Include any special instructions for deployment.
> -->

Reviewer 2: I believe there'd been [an action item from a previous engineering huddle](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jgcAO32MS5KsVOx6grg2W0sU13j_cP0L0g8xxEq6WU0/edit#heading=h.unzn9c2ktfe8) to remove this section altogether. Maybe we can do that here?

```suggestion
```

Author: Good call! Done
